Add pelican shaarli_poster plugin to list of integrations (#1361)
shaarli/Shaarli: doc/md/Community-&-Related-software.md

- [Scuttle to Shaarli](https://github.com/q2apro/scuttle-to-shaarli) - Import bookmarks from Scuttle
- [Shaarli app for Cloudron](https://git.cloudron.io/cloudron/shaarli-app) - Effortlessly run Shaarli with the help of [Cloudron](https://cloudron.io/) [![Install](https://cloudron.io/img/button.svg)](https://cloudron.io/button.html?app=com.github.shaarli)
- [Shaarli_ynh](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/shaarli_ynh) - Shaarli is available as a [Yunohost](https://yunohost.org) app [![Install Shaarli with YunoHost](https://install-app.yunohost.org/install-with-yunohost.png)](https://install-app.yunohost.org/?app=shaarli)

> - [pelican](https://blog.getpelican.com) static blog generator plugin to auto-post articles on a Shaarli instance: [shaarli_poster](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican-plugins/pull/1167)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [pelican](https://blog.getpelican.com) static blog generator plugin to auto-post articles on a Shaarli instance: [shaarli_poster](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican-plugins/tree/master/shaarli_poster)
```
